---
layout: post
title: Week 2
---

This week in class, we got more in depth with our first project, and I started to feel more acclimated to the course. The first new thing this week was the introduction of quizzes. I initially tried to answer questions using my phone, but I found texting to be too time-consuming and I ran out of time before I could answer the first question. Thankfully other people had the same problem, and I was able to answer that question on the second go around, using the Top Hat website. The quizzes aren’t too hard, if you remember the reading material. The reading material usually consists of 2-3 chapters or articles before class. I feel like sometimes this can be a little too much when taken in addition to other classes. I started working on the first project this week. I initially tried to start working on this project using my Windows computer, but it quickly became very hard to run the programs, as the makefile files were built using the CS lab computers’ specs in mind. Eventually, I switched over to working in the CS lab. The hardest part of the project for me so far is coming up with good tests for the program. While there were some edge cases and erroneous cases that were easy to think up, I was struggling to find cases for certain methods where it would be harder to get unorthodox input. Now, I am currently trying to get the program to run. I wish that it were easier to see exactly which tests are running and failing.

Tip of the week: Writing pseudocode is a helpful way to plan out programs before writing them.
