---
layout: post
title: Week 3
---

This week was a very busy one for me. I started working on the Collatz project over the weekend, and now I had until Thursday night to finish it. Fortunately, the project took less time than I expected to finish it, and I wasn’t rushing up to the wire to make the deadline. Writing the code for the project was the easiest part for me, while the hardest part was having to come up with tests. I was fine when it came to writing the CollatzTest document, but writing over 100 acceptance tests was a real challenge for me. It just felt like such tedious work, when I already knew that most of the cases would work due to the assert statements I had already written. To make matters worse, I later found out that I had put in a lot of tests that overflowed, which meant that I had to rewrite half the tests to make it workable. On the bright side, my program was able to pass those overflowing tests, which hopefully means that it was well-written enough to avoid any issues that would cause. Overall though, I liked that there was a focus on testing and version control in the project, as these seem like very practical skills when coding in a professional or group environment. This week was also busy for me because it was the Engineering Expo, which meant that I had to spend most of Wednesday and Thursday walking up and down the Frank Erwin Center, talking to companies. Hopefully that amount of effort paid off when trying to find an internship for the summer!
Tip of the week: When testing a program, make sure to make your tests as specific as possible, so it is easier to locate the bug you’re trying to fix.
